---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Plans Week 8
description: notebook about the week
courses: { csa: {week: 8} }
type: plans
---
# CSA Week 8 Plans
My Plans for this week are pretty simple, I have been helping out a lot in CSP and I think I can see how easy Python really is, but after looking and trying to code a simple code segment for Hello World in Java, I can see that this is going to be very hard

My plan for this week is to focus a lot of time on the Java Hello Hacks and really go into the learning and understanding what each line of code does especially the null parameters when calling a function and the String Args [] thing which I have no idea what it does.

I think the Java Console games hacks will be easier because I don't really understand the Java Hello Hacks, but with the console games hacks there is a lot of reference code I can use. I think for the tic tac toe, I can use Kush and I's python code and go line by line trying to change it to Java.


# CSA Week 8 Completions
I tried to start the Java Hello hacks, but I was not able to really understand the anatomy of a class even after trying to learn how it all works all throughout the article. However, Toby did come in clutch here and he literally went through each piece of his pythagorean theorem and explained to me how each thing worked, and although I still do not have complete information about this, I do know more about Java then I did originally. Also after reviewing the code, it is not too hard to understand but there are certain lines I do not understand.

While I was confused on the Java Hello Hacks, I did manage to start on the Java Console hacks. The Java Console Hacks were way harder than I had initially thought and that it was very difficult. I had no idea why none of my programs were working and the import from the libraries like Scanner and Random. I also had no idea why this was not working as well as I had initially thought